Acrobat. You are able to perform impressive acrobatic feats. No individual source of opposition related to balance can be used to justify opposition to your actions.
By My Hand, Set the World in Motion. Through a combination of speed, dexterity, and uncanny timing, you always have a path forward. In a static environment, this means that you are capable of crazy parkour-like movement to get almost anywhere that could be physically accessed. In a more fluid environment you are impossible to pin down or fence in, as you’ll always find the gap.
Hardcore Parkour. +2 to overcome actions with Athletics if you are in a chase across rooftops or a similarly precarious environment.
Human Spider. +2 to overcome or create advantage actions with Athletics on any climb.
Mountaineer. +2 to overcome with Athletics when faced with mountainous terrain.
Pole Balance. +2 to overcome or defend with Athletics when you need to balance and have a pole in hand.
Rigging Rat. +2 to overcome with Athletics when climbing on board a ship.
Sea Legs. Your Athletics skill works unimpeded by conditions like storms, water, or high seas while on board a ship.
Acrobatic Dodge. +2 to overcome with Athletics when another character presents an obstacle to you moving between zones.
The Drunkard Stumbles.  You stagger and stumble without control, but your enemy always seems to miss you and strike a nearby obstacle, causing damage to themselves. When you dodge a blow with Athletics, your opponent takes one stress, or two stress if you succeed with style.
Dazing Counter. When you succeed with style on a defend action against an opponent’s Fight roll, you automatically counter with some sort of nerve punch or stunning blow. You get to attach the Dazed situation aspect to your opponent with a free invoke, instead of just a boost.
The Drunkard’s Stagger. You sway and stagger on your feet, evading enemy blows seemingly by chance. When you succeed in a defensive Athletics roll using this technique, you gain +1 on your next attack against the opponent who tried to hit you. If you succeed with style, gain +2.
Evasion. You have an amazing ability to remain unharmed when caught within the blast radius of an explosion. +2 to defend with Athletics against area attacks.
The Falling Drunkard.  When an enemy attacks, you lose your balance and fall to the ground, rolling back to your feet quickly, but your enemy now finds himself dangerously overextended. Roll Athletics to dodge. On a success, place a boost on your opponent such as Overextended or Off-Balance that anyone may use against him. On a success with style, place a second boost on your opponent.
Favored Enemy Dodge. Choose an organisation. You gain +2 to defend with Athletics against members of that group.
Lightning Reflexes. +2 to defend with Athletics for the first exchange after you become aware of a threat.
Protector. You are an expert bodyguard. +2 to defend with Athletics whenever you pull someone out of harm's way at great personal risk to yourself.
Reading the Line of Fire. You can tell where the bullets will go before the trigger is pulled. +2 to Athletics when using it to dodge gunfire.
Redirect Attack. Once per scene, when you succeed with style on a defence roll with Athletics against Fight, you may force your opponent to attack another of your enemies in the same zone with the same attack roll.
Slippery. +2 when using Athletics to defend against or overcome knockbacks and pushes.
War Mount. You work together with your rider to defend yourselves. +2 to defend with Athletics while being ridden.
Safe Fall.  You can skip effortlessly down sheer surfaces. Whenever you fail an Athletics roll and fall vertically near a solid surface, reduce the stress you take by 2.
Land On Your Feet. Like a cat, you are able to fall from great heights without excessive harm. When making an Athletics roll to resist falling damage, add +2 to the roll.
Fight By Jumping.  It is normally a very bad idea to jump up high while fighting, but you make it work. +2 to Athletics when creating a jump-based advantage in combat, but all aspects created this way disappear at the end of your next turn.
Long Jump. +2 to Athletics when jumping significant distances horizontally.
Mighty Leap/Spring-Heeled. Your leaping ability borders on the superhuman. +2 to overcome with Athletics whenever height is a major factor.
Out of Reach.  It isn't easy to hit a guy who's five feet above your head. When you create an aspect using Fight By Jumping, you may move into the zone above your current zone as a free action, provided there are no situation aspects restricting that movement.
Vault. +2 to overcome with Athletics when you have a long pole in hand and the obstacle is primarily height-based.
The Bastard Will Not Escape. Nobody gets away from you. +2 to overcome with Athletics when chasing someone on foot.
Fast as a Leopard.  You are incredibly fast on your feet. +2 to create advantage or overcome actions with Athletics used to move multiple zones on the flat.
Faster than a Leopard.  You are simply, astonishingly fast. When you move multiple zones in a straight line, you get an additional +2 to create advantage or overcome actions with Athletics.
Run Away! Discretion is the better part of valour, at least for you. On a successful defence with Athletics, you may sacrifice your next action to immediately flee, making an overcome action with Athletics and using your total on the defence roll as your total on the overcome roll.
Sprinter/Highly Mobile. You move two zones for free in a conflict without rolling, instead of one, provided there are no situation aspects restricting movement.
Contortionist. If you choose to spend an action moving from one zone to an adjacent one, your Athletics skill works unimpeded by conditions such as narrow openings, low ceilings, or other cramped conditions.
Escapologist. +2 to overcome actions with Athletics when escaping from bonds.
One With the Water. +2 to defend or overcome with Athletics while swimming.
Ball Toss. Throwing a basketball isn't very different from throwing a knife. You may use your Athletics skill in place of Shoot for thrown weapons.
Equestrian. You can use Athletics instead of Drive whenever you are riding a horse.
Graceful Silence. Your natural poise and grace enable you to pass quietly and undetected. You may use your Athletics skill in place of Stealth whenever silence alone would help you move undetected.
Marathon Training. You know how to conserve your energy when undergoing lengthy athletic activity. You may use Athletics instead of Physique during long-distance running, multi-day climbs, and the like.
Second-Story Girl. You can use Athletics in place of Burglary for all overcome actions, provided you don’t have to bypass a lock or interact with other security measures.
Whirlwind Step. When you assume the stance of the whirlwind, roll Athletics against Fair  opposition. If you succeed, you may run on vertical surfaces and leap unlikely distances without making rolls to do so, until your next turn ends. If you succeed with style, you may instead gain these benefits for the rest of the scene.
Catch. When defending against an attack with a thrown object, if you succeed with style, you may catch the item that was thrown at you and create a related aspect with a free invoke, instead of just a boost. Details such as your Physique skill and any relevant aspects may be used to determine whether a given object is something you could, practically speaking, catch.
Childhood Playground. You are remember the place you grew up in well, and you still find it easy to navigate its obstacles. Name and describe that place. You gain +2 to overcome with Athletics whenever you are in a similar environment.
Flanking Specialist. Once per scene, when you create the aspect Flanked or similar on an opponent, you gain one additional free invocation of the aspect.
Sportsman. Sports are your life. Pick a sport. You get a +2 to all Athletics rolls relating to that sport.
Surefooted. You suffer no increased difficulty to Athletics due to snowdrifts, loose soil, or shifting sand.
The Big Heist.  Once per scene, when you case a location you can spend a fate point  to make a special Burglary roll representing your criminal genius. For each shift you make on this roll you discover or create an aspect on the location, though you may only invoke one of them for free.
Mental Blueprint. You’re highly skilled at visualizing the whole of a target based on just a part of it. When casing a location, you receive a +2 on Burglary rolls to create an advantage.
Bump and Grab. Your character is exceptionally skilled at taking advantage of distractions in order to make a quick grab. You may spend a fate point to attempt a simple Burglary action – such as picking a pocket, or palming an object – as a free action.
Cool Hand. A steady hand can be critical when things get hairy. Your hands never shake and never waver. +2 to overcome actions with Burglary whenever you perform fine manual work.
* Cutpurse. Once per scene, as a free action, you can attempt to pick the pocket of someone in the same zone as you. Success at no cost on this roll means your victim is not even aware of the theft.
Hatpin Maestro. You don’t ever have to spend a fate point to declare that you have the proper tools for lockpicking or disabling a device, even in extreme situations . This source of opposition is just off the table.
Preferred Target. Thieves have specialities, just like scientists. Pick a type of location or object . You gain +2 to your Burglary skill when using it against that type of target.
Security Specialist. You don’t have to be present to provide active opposition to someone trying to overcome security measures you put in place or worked on.
The Accounting of Small Things. Once you have successfully stolen something small enough to fit in a pocket, it is gone until you choose to reveal it again. No amount of searching—or even stripping—will reveal the purloined item. You may only have one such item at a time hidden in this fashion.
Always a Way Out. +2 on Burglary rolls made to create an advantage whenever you’re trying to escape from a location.
Criminal Mind. +2 on Burglary rolls made to create an advantage when investigating another criminal's work which closely matches a crime you have committed before.
Without a Trace. You don’t have to be present to provide active opposition to someone trying to analyse physical evidence that you were present during a crime.
Legerdemain. +2 to Burglary rolls made to perform magic tricks.
Master of Illusion.  The time it takes for you to prepare a large illusion is reduced by two shifts.
Stage Magic.  You can perform misdirection on a large scale, under appropriately controlled circumstances. Provided you are acting within an arena you control , there are simply no size limitations  for your Burglary targets.
Disable Device. If you can take apart a lock, you can take apart a clock. You may use Burglary instead of Crafts to disassemble anything mechanical.
Five-Fingered Discount. Why buy what you can steal? You may use your Burglary skill instead of your Resources skill to “buy” things. Everything obtained this way has the aspect Stolen Property with one free invocation against you. The difficulty of an attempt to obtain something with Burglary may or may not be the same as the difficulty of an attempt to buy that same thing with Resources, at the GM's discretion. The time required may also vary.
Talk the Talk. You can use Burglary in place of Contacts whenever you’re dealing specifically with other thieves and burglars.
Trespass Tempo.  Whenever you’re running a heist, you operate on a very precise internal clock. You may use Burglary instead of Notice to determine turn order as long as everything is going to plan.
Tripwire Sensibilities. You’ve run into enough traps that you’ve developed an instinct for avoiding them. You may roll Burglary instead of Investigate or Notice in order to spot or defend against a trap.
You’re Never Safe. You can use Burglary to make mental attacks and create advantages against a target, by staging a heist in such a way as to shatter their confidence in their security.
Burglar's Signature. Some element of your character makes you an expert thief. Pick one of your aspects. Once per scene, you may invoke that aspect on a Burglary roll for free.
I, Lupin! Somehow, you can always pull of a stroke of larcenous brilliance when it really counts. Once per scene, when you succeed on a Burglary roll, you may choose to succeed with style instead.
Center of the Web. Whether or not you lead it, you are like the spider at the center of a web regarding any organization of which you are a part. Information about the organization flows your way naturally, taking one time increment less to reach your attentive ears than it would normally, and so long as you are able to make any sort of contact with the outside world, you are quickly able to find out information about your organization’s dealings. You also gain +1 to Contacts rolls related to your organization.
Discreet Enquiries. You are unusually subtle when it comes to gathering information. Whenever you seek information and an opponent rolls Contacts to be alerted to this activity, you may roll active opposition against them.
The Strength of One Becomes the Strength of Many. Once you begin a contacting effort, it becomes self-sustaining, as people you talk to talk to other people, who talk to others in turn. In effect, you will always get an answer; it is only a matter of time.
Ubiquity.  First, this stunt steps up the intensity of your Center of the Web stunt – information flows your way a total of two time increments faster. Second, this stunt removes the restriction “so long as you are able to make any sort of contact with the outside world.” Your ties into the organization are so thoroughly widespread that the outside world makes every reasonable effort to stay in contact with you. For a fate point, your organization can even make some fairly unreasonable efforts to stay in contact.
The Bonds of Man Stretch to the Horizon. There is no place where you do not know someone, including places you have never been before. You will find a friend wherever you go.
Bounty Board. Whenever you enter a settlement, you can look for work. After an hour or so, you find a job that either pays well but is dangerous or is not too dangerous but doesn’t pay that well. If you spend a fate point, it both pays well and is not too dangerous.
Criminal Underbelly. Whenever you enter a settlement for the first time, you can spend a fate point to declare that the local criminals know you. Choose one of the following: they have a lead on a promising job, they’ll give you and your companions free room and board for a few weeks, or they’ll help you with something right now but you might owe them afterward.
A Friend in Every Port. Whenever you enter a settlement, you may declare you’ve visited it before and roll Contacts against Fair  opposition. If you succeed, you have a friend there who owes you one favor—nothing costly or life threatening. If you succeed with style, your friend will do any one thing for you that is within his power.
Friends Everywhere. Your network of contacts extends around the world. You never suffer any increased difficulty on Contacts rolls from being in an unfamiliar area.
Absolute Authority. You are good at being in charge. +2 to Contacts as long as you are in a position of direct authority over those you intend to contact.
Chain of Command. You are a soldier, and other soldiers answer to you. Add two to your Contacts skill when using it to deal with soldiers from your organisation.
Common Interests/On the Watch. You know people who know things about the things that you want to know about. Pick a broad subject . Add +2 to Contacts when using it to enquire about that subject.
Eye for Talent. +2 to Contacts when seeking promising young people.
I'm Looking for Mr. Brown. You are extremely good at tracking people down. +2 to Contacts whenever you are seeking a specific person whose name you know.
Member. Pick a specific organisation. You belong to that organisation. Whenever you want to get in touch with its other members, gain +2 to Contacts.
Noble Born. +2 to Contacts when seeking another member of the aristocracy.
Renowned Courtesan. +2 to Contacts when seeking lonely people who would be sexually attracted to you.
Salesman's Network. All good salesmen build up a network of satisfied customers over time. Pick a type of product. Add two to your Contacts skill when looking for or dealing with makers, sellers, or notable consumers of that type of product.
Too Cool for School. All the kids wanna be just like you. +2 to Contacts when dealing with young adults of middle school or high school age.
Walk the Walk. Your travels have taken you to every corner of the globe. +2 to Contacts rolls when dealing with foreign lands or cultures.
Big Man. Pick a specific field of endeavour, such as crime, business, politics, espionage, or the occult. Within this field, you are considered a person of great importance. You may roll Contacts instead of Resources for anything which might fall under the auspices of members of that field.
Big Name.  You’re so well known that an awareness of your name has crossed over into other areas as well. The first time you deal with someone who’s heard of you , and you’re using your name, you get a +2 bonus to a Provoke or Rapport roll.
Big Reputation.  Your reputation has reached great proportions, and people are willing to believe all sorts of things about you. For a fate point, you may use your Contacts skill instead of Deceive, Rapport, Provoke, or Will, provided those you are dealing with are aware of your reputation . This stunt combines with the bonus from Big Name, getting the character a +2 to Contacts when using it instead of Provoke or Rapport.
Ear to the Ground. Whenever someone initiates a conflict against you in an area where you’ve built a network of contacts, you use Contacts instead of Notice to determine turn order, because you got tipped off in time.
Insider. You are able to navigate bureaucracies easily, not because you understand them, but because you know people embedded in the bureaucracy who can provide shortcuts. You may roll Contacts instead of Resources when dealing with any sort of bureaucratic entanglement.
My Buddy Has One of Those. Your friends are very willing to let you borrow whatever you need. You may use your Contacts skill instead of your Resources skill to “buy” things. Everything obtained this way has the aspect Not Actually Mine with one free invocation against you. The difficulty of an attempt to obtain something with Contacts may or may not be the same as the difficulty of an attempt to buy that same thing with Resources, at the GM's discretion. The time required may also vary.
Talk the Talk.  Whenever dealing with members of your chosen field, you may roll Contacts instead of Rapport.
The Weight of Reputation. You can use Contacts instead of Provoke to create advantages based on the fear generated by the sinister reputation you’ve cultivated for yourself and all the shady associates you have. You should have an appropriate aspect to pair with this stunt.
I Know a Guy Who Knows a Guy. Sometimes it’s not who you know, but who the people you know, know. Many of your contacts are, themselves, very well connected. +2 to Contacts when you attempt to corroborate information you’ve gotten from another of your contacts.
Rumormonger. +2 to create an advantage when you plant vicious rumors about someone else.
Always Making Useful Things. You don’t ever have to spend a fate point to declare that you have the proper tools for a particular job using Crafts, even in extreme situations . This source of opposition is just off the table.
Big Pocking Wrench. You can do a lot as long as you have your trusty giant wrench on hand. +2 to Crafts when using it to fix or break something with a large wrench, provided the wrench is actually useful for what you are using it for.
Demolitions. You are an expert with explosives. +2 to attack rolls made with Crafts against a target structure whenever you have time to prepare and place charges at its exact weak points.
The Tools Are Lesser than the Hand. You can produce master-craftsman-level work with the crudest of tools. With a proper workshop, you can create impossibly amazing devices in the finest da Vinci style.
Workshop of Choice. Pick a specific workshop or machine shop. You know exactly how this place is arranged and how it operates, and gain +2 on Crafts whenever you perform work within it.
Architect of Death. +2 to Crafts rolls when designing, repairing or upgrading weaponry.
Favored Material. Choose a type of solid material . +2 to Crafts when you work predominantly with that substance.
From Another Time. You are intimately familiar with the technology of a time other than the present. Choose a time period other than the present day. Add two to your Crafts skill when working with objects or materials from that time period.
Grease Monkey. If it has an engine and wings, propellers, or wheels, you “get” it, intuitively and completely. +2 to Crafts when dealing with vehicles.
Master Bowyer. +2 to Crafts when crafting or repairing bows.
Shipwright. +2 to Crafts when building or repairing boats or ships.
Stonemason. +2 to create advantage with Crafts when assessing or working with stone.
Surgical Strikes. When using Crafts in a conflict involving machinery, you can filter out unwanted targets from whole-zone attacks without having to divide up your shifts .
Taxidermist. +2 to Crafts when preserving, stuffing, or posing dead animals.
Better than New! Whenever you succeed with style on an overcome action to repair a piece of machinery, you can immediately give it a new situation aspect  reflecting the improvements you’ve made, instead of just a boost.
Bricoleur. You are skilled at improvising when making or repairing something. +2 to Crafts when you creatively incorporate reused materials into your machine.
Eye For Flaws. +2 to create advantage with Crafts when you examine an object or machine for physical weaknesses.
Hogtie. When you use Crafts to create a Hogtied  advantage on someone, you can always actively oppose any overcome rolls to escape the hogtie , even if you’re not there.
Master Bricoleur.  When you succeed on a roll to which the Bricoleur stunt applies, your success takes two time steps less than normal.
Mister Fix-It. You are talented at getting things repaired under time-critical circumstances. The time it takes for you to get something fixed is reduced by two shifts.
Scavenger. There is an art to making things quickly out of cannibalized parts. You find it easy, because the people who made the thing you took apart did most of the work. +2 to create advantages with Crafts whenever you disassemble machinery for later re-use.
Skilled Bricoleur.  Necessity is the mother of invention. +2 to Crafts when you have nothing to build with except inappropriate materials.
Thump of Restoration/Percussive Maintenance.  Sometimes a bunch of repairs can get short-handed with a good swift thump. To activate this ability, spend a fate point and roll Crafts . If your roll succeeds, the device or contraption starts working and continues working for a number of exchanges equal to the shifts gained on the Crafts roll. Once the time is up, the device stops working again, and any efforts to repair it are at a one step higher difficulty . If you wish to thump again, you may do so for another fate point, but the difficulty for the Crafts roll increases by one on each subsequent attempt.
Locksmith. If you can take apart a clock, you can take apart a lock. You may roll Crafts instead of Burglary when lockpicking.
Personalized Weaponry Engineering. Clever engineering can compensate for a lack of combat skill. Pick a broad category of weapon . When you wield a weapon of this sort that you have created yourself, you may attack with Crafts instead of Fight  or Shoot . Such weapons will often include odd devices and unusual features that make their use very different from that of a normal weapon.
Brilliant Disguise. Once per scene, when you succeed on a Deceive roll to create a disguise, you succeed with style instead.
Cover. You have a cover identity you can assume. Describe your cover identity, choose a high concept and a trouble aspect for your cover identity, and choose an apex skill for your cover identity. You can assume that identity with enough preparation and the expenditure of a fate point. While you’re in that identity, its high concept and trouble replace yours and you can use Deceive in place of its apex skill. You lose these benefits as soon as your cover is blown, and you may have to spend some time creating a new cover identity.
Double Life. If you are in disguise at the start of a scene, you gain the aspect Definitely Not <your real name> with one free invocation. If you are not in disguise at the start of a scene, you gain the aspect Definitely Not <your secret identity> with one free invocation. These aspects go away at the end of each scene.
Infiltrator.  While you are Disguised as Someone Insignificant  you may make a single Investigate roll against a target of Mediocre. Each shift gained can be used to do one of two things: gain a useful  piece of information about the area or group being infiltrated, or leave a clue, hint or message for another character without revealing yourself.
Instant Cover.  You can whip up a cover story like no one’s business, even if you haven’t made an effort to establish it beforehand. Any time you overcome an obstacle in public using Deceive, automatically add a situation aspect representing your cover story, and stick a free invocation on it.
Master of Disguise.  You can convincingly pass yourself off as nearly anyone with a little time and preparation. To use this ability, you pay a fate point to disappear from the scene, gaining the Disguised as Someone Insignificant aspect on yourself. At any subsequent point during play, you choose any nameless NPC in a scene and reveal that that character is actually you in disguise! You may remain in this state for as long as you choose, but if anyone is tipped off that you might be nearby, they may spend a fate point and roll Investigate against your Deceive to overcome the aspect. If the investigator wins, he gets to decide which filler character is actually you in disguise .
Mimicry. You may create advantages with Deceive related to imitating the mannerisms and voice of anyone you’ve had a chance to study. Studying someone usually requires only an investment of time, and not a roll of the dice – at least half an hour of constant exposure. This timeframe can be reduced, but will require an Empathy, Investigate, or Deceive roll against a target of Mediocre - any shifts you get on the roll reduce the time required.
One Person, Many Faces. Whenever you meet someone new, you can spend a fate point to declare that you’ve met that person before, but under a different name and identity. Create a situation aspect to represent your cover story, and you can use Deceive in place of Rapport whenever interacting with that person.
Perfect Reflection. +2 to create advantage or defend with Deceive when you are disguised as someone you know well and that disguise is in question.
Quick Disguise.  You’re able to put together a convincing disguise in a heartbeat, using items from your surroundings. You can roll Deceive to create a disguise without any time to prepare, in nearly any situation.
Trick the Toffs. +2 to Deceive when you disguise yourself as someone from the upper classes.
Versatile Disguises. You suffer no increased difficulty on Deceive rolls when disguising yourself as a person of different gender, height, skin tone, or age.
Dead For Sure.  While you are Feigning Death, no-one will even check to see if you really are dead until all of your allies have conceded or been taken out.
Fast Feint.  Once per scene, you may roll Deceive to perform a feint as a free action.
Feint. When it looks like you're going to go right, you go left. And vice versa. +2 to create advantages with Deceive that relate to confusion and misdirection in physical combat.
Feint En Masse. You may feint against every opponent in your zone in one action, dividing your shifts between them.
Impenetrable Bluff. You can bluff like a poker pro. Maybe you are a poker pro. +2 to create advantages or defend with Deceive when using it to trick people into believing that you are more capable or better positioned than you actually are.
Not a Threat. Choose Deceive or Stealth when you take this stunt. When you create an advantage with that skill to make yourself as non-threatening or unobtrusive as possible, enemies will find other targets for as long as that aspect exists. As soon as you successfully attack someone, the aspect goes away.
Play Dead. When you place an aspect like Feigning Death on yourself, no-one can attack you while the aspect remains in play.
Superior Feint.  Whenever you place an aspect on an opponent using the Feint stunt, you may defend against their melee attacks with Deceive until that aspect goes away.
Worthy Cringe. +2 to create advantage with Deceive when you try to appear unthreatening during a physical combat.
Crooked Dealer in Antiquities. +2 to create advantages with Deceive based on the  monetary value of archaeological finds.
Crooked Salesman. You are skilled at subtly misrepresenting your goods or services to customers. +2 to Deceive when using it to sell something.
Faustian Pact. Your job is to trick people into signing unfair contracts. When you have a copy of such a contract to hand, you gain +2 on Deceive rolls to fool people into thinking it is fair.
Grifter/Professional Panhandler. You profit from your lies, literally. +2 to Deceive when using it to fool someone into giving you money.
The Devil's Own Luck.  On games of pure chance, like roulette, where a character could not normally roll a skill to affect the outcome, you may use your Deceive skill at its full value.
Double or Nothing. Once per scene, when involved in a game of chance, you can declare "Double or Nothing!" This is a call for both sides to reroll . If you win the next roll, the initial exchange is treated as a scratch , but if you lose  the number of shifts you lose by is doubled. Regardless of the result, such a move often elevates the stakes of a game. This can turn a regular stakes game into a high stakes one, and a high stakes game into a matter of life and death.
Know When to Fold 'Em. Whenever gambling with NPCs, you may ask that the GM roll the NPC’s Deceit in advance. Whenever the GM does this, the roll is automatically considered to be secret – she doesn’t have to show it to anyone. The twist is that the GM must indicate to you whether the NPC’s roll is above or below your Deceive skill – just not by how much. Given this knowledge, you may then choose whether you participates, or excuses yourself, from the gambling contest. If you do participate, the GM reveals the value of the roll, and may still spend fate points on behalf of her NPC as usual once the contest starts in earnest.
Winnings. You win at the gambling tables more than you lose, and are often flush with cash. Once per session, you may use Deceive instead of Resources to represent these winnings, so long as you haven’t recently experienced a loss. You must provide a quick one-sentence explanation of what the resource is and how you won it, when using this stunt.
Corroboration of Coincidence. Fate favors your lies with minor coincidences and circumstantial evidence that seem to lend them credence. You may apply a boost to the scene before you roll Deceive, so long as you can describe how it helps you look more honest. If successful, the boost turns into an aspect on the scene.
Hey, What’s That?  Gain a +2 bonus whenever you’re using Deceive to momentarily distract someone, as long as part of the distraction involves saying something.
Houdini. You could be found by the police standing next to a burned-down church with a handful of matches and a can of gasoline and still get away scot-free. +2 to Deceive when using it to defend against attempts to discern or prove your involvement in a crime.
Low Profile. You always provide active opposition to attempts to locate you with Investigate.
The Appearance of Wealth. You seem like a wealthy and powerful person, regardless of the reality. You may use Deceive in place of Resources as long as no actual money or goods need to change hands.
Con Man. You are a bona fide confidence man, and that lets you get a read on people, easy. You may use Deceive instead of Empathy to read a person’s emotional state and get a general sense of who they are, but the type of aspects that may be assessed or created are limited to things like their trouble or other negatively skewed/easily exploitable aspects.
"Honest" Lawyer. Okay, maybe they don’t exist. But most people would say that you are one, anyway. You may use Deceit instead of Lore whenever knowledge of the law or legal matters are involved.
Illusion of Grandeur. Making a good first impression is all about misrepresenting yourself. Whenever you meet a new person, you may use Deceit instead of Rapport to influence them. This option vanishes as soon as you fail one of the Deceit rolls.
It's Just Creative Lying. Really, acting is just an advanced form of lying. You may use your Deceive skill instead of Rapport when acting.
Mind Games. You can use Deceive in place of Provoke to make mental attacks, as long as you can make up a clever lie as part of the attack.
Players' Club.  You’ve played in so many games, and in so many places, that it’s rare that you can’t find someone who knows you. You may use your Deceit skill instead of Contacts whenever making a Contacts roll – though doing so invariably colors the results with the nature of gambling.
Shield of Lies. Your lies run so deep that you almost believe them yourself. You may use Deceive to defend against mental attacks whenever an opponent focuses on a truth you consistently deny.
Takes One to Know One. As an accomplished liar, you’re especially able to figure out when someone else is lying as well. You may use Deceive instead of Empathy to defend against Deceive actions.
Bait of Words. Gain an additional +2 to Deceive whenever you invoke an advantage you personally created by speaking to the target and rolling Rapport.
Fast Talk. You get a +2 to overcome obstacles with Deceive, provided you don’t have to talk to the person you’re trying to deceive for more than a few sentences before blowing past them.
Founded Upon Lies. You are very good at turning innocuous lies into devastating ones. Once per scene, when you succeed on a Deceit roll, you may succeed with style instead.
"Good Intentions." Everyone you meet is certain that you intend nothing but what is best for everyone. Add two to your Deceive skill when using it to create advantages related to feigned benevolence or friendship.
The Honest Lie. The best lies are the ones that contain a healthy dose of truth. You gain a +2 to Deceive whenever you incorporate a hefty portion of the truth into a lie. The truth must be relevant, not unimportant, and significant, not trivial – it must be on par with  the lie, or at least in the ballpark.
Lies upon Lies. +2 to create a Deceive advantage against someone who has believed one of your lies already during this session.
Master Manipulator. You can treat other people like chess pieces and make it work. +2 to attack and create advantages with Deceive whenever you try to trick your target into following a preset plan of yours.
One Big Lie. Pick one specific statement that isn't true. You gain +2 to Deceive when using it to convince someone that that statement is true.
City Driver. You've spent most of your life driving up and down the same streets. Pick a city. Whenever you are in that city, you never suffer increased difficulty on Drive rolls due to traffic.
Defensive Driving. You’re good at keeping your car in one piece. +2 to overcome with Drive during a chase.
Barnstormer. You can squeeze your plane through places where it has no business fitting. You never need to spend a fate point to declare details relating to your plane having enough clearance space to fly or land. What’s more, if you do spend a fate point, you can fit the plane in places you absolutely should not be able to.
Death from Above.  While in flight, if you are able to make an attack on another flying target from an elevated position, you do two additional points of stress on a successful hit. However, this action takes you out of your position of advantage.
Fly By Night. Whether in dead of night or during a storm, your piloting skills remain true. You never face increased difficulties due to environmental factors  when flying. This does not protect your plane from taking damage from the environment – but your skill remains unreduced.
Walk Away From It.  You have a great instinct for crash-landing planes, and are able to walk away from even the most catastrophic-seeming landings. While you are piloting a plane into its crash landing, coincidence conspires to keep you and your passengers alive, and you pass from the view of the other combatants. You may re-enter play in any subsequent scene in as dramatic a fashion as you see fit, explaining to everyone how you survived. You return with all of your physical stress cleared and a single additional consequence incurred to reflect the dangers you defied.
Bareback Rider. You suffer no increasing difficulty to Drive rolls while riding an animal due to a lack of saddle, reins, or other tack.
Breaking It In. You’re skilled at breaking in new mounts. You receive +2 on all Drive rolls during such an effort.
Hell Bent for Leather. You know how to get the best speed out of your mount. +2 to Drive whenever you're on horseback and riding at top speed. You must be an active participant in driving your mount forward in order to receive this bonus. The benefit doesn’t apply if you’re, say, in the saddle, but unconscious.
Mounted Trample. Once per scene, when you succeed with style on a create advantage roll with Drive and place an aspect on an opponent, you may exchange one of your free invocations for a 2-shift hit on that opponent.
Preferred Mount. Choose a type of riding animal. +2 to overcome or create advantage with Drive when mounted on that kind of animal.
Ride Anything. If it can be ridden like a riding beast, you can ride it. You suffer no increased difficulty for a lack of familiarity, no matter how strange the mount.
Run Them Down. +2 to attack with Drive when you try to trample someone with your horse.
We Ride as One. You fight and act on horseback without penalty, and nothing can knock you off. Any time you would take a physical consequence, you can opt for the horse to take it instead — the horse having a similar consequence track to your character.
Sailor. +2 to Drive whenever you use it to operate a water-borne vessel.
Flying Ace. You are a skilled combat pilot, and as such may roll Drive instead of Shoot to attack in a dogfight.
Gunner. You’re a former military man with the training to use vehicle-mounted weaponry. You may use your Drive skill to make attacks with such weapons.
Mechanic. You may roll Drive instead of Crafts when working on a wheeled vehicle.
Mounted Combat. You may roll Drive instead of Fight to make melee attacks whenever you are riding an animal.
Old Salt. You may use Drive instead of Lore to make predictions about the weather.
Plane Mechanic. You may roll Drive instead of Crafts when working on a vehicle capable of flight.
Traffic Watcher. You really know how to use those rear-view mirrors. You may use Drive instead of Notice to be aware of vehicles and road conditions, to detect vehicular ambushes, and to determine turn order while operating a vehicle.
Flawless Navigation. The skies  are an open map in your mind. +2 to Drive when navigating to a strange place or overcoming being Lost.
Hard to Shake. +2 to Drive whenever you’re pursuing another vehicle in a chase scene.
One Hand on the Wheel. Multitasking behind the wheel is second nature to you. +2 to overcome with Drive after you successfully create an advantage in a contest.
Pedal to the Metal. You can coax more speed out of your vehicle than seems possible. Whenever you’re engaged in any contest where speed is the primary factor  and you tie with your Drive roll, it’s considered a success.
Ramming Speed! When ramming another vehicle, you ignore two shifts of damage. So if you ram and hit for four shifts, you only take two yourself.
Signature Ride. You’ve used a certain vehicle so much that its operation is instinctive to you. Pick a specific make and model of vehicle. Add two to your Drive skill when using that sort of vehicle.
Steady Driver. Once per scene, you may reroll a failed Drive roll for free.
Turn on a Dime.  Somehow, no matter how crazy you drive, you always seem to pull it off. +2 to Drive when making very tight turns and trying to fit through very narrow spaces.
Unsafe at Any Speed. You are the bane of curbside markets and rickety struts holding up awnings. When you hit an object other than a character or vehicle, increase the stress you cause by 2. Any time an object is taken out by the damage, the result should be spectacular – an explosion or collapse.
Architecture of the Heart. Reading a room is a triviality to you. Even more, you can spot the emotional lynchpins in a room and easily understand how actions would impact the mood. If you roll Empathy to read a room—difficulty Mediocre —count how many shifts you accrue. Over the course of the scene, you may ask the GM to tell you how people would react to any hypothetical scenario. You can do this a number of times equal to the number of shifts generated.
The Artist's Eye. When you encounter a work of art, you may use Empathy to read the artist's emotional state, as if you had had interpersonal contact with them. You may also create advantages with Empathy related to the authenticity of the work.
Cold Read. Once per scene, you may use Empathy to read a person's emotional state without the need for interpersonal contact.
Heart's Secret. When you successfully use Empathy to read a person's emotional state, if that person's aspects are secret, the aspects the GM reveals must be those that are of the utmost importance to the person, unless you explicitly instruct her otherwise. If the person's aspects are not secret, you may choose which one to attach each of your free invocations to.
A Peek Inside.  You achieve such a strong understanding of your subject that you can start to make some fairly accurate guesses about his behavior. After you have successfully read a person's emotional state, you may immediately ask the GM a hypothetical question about that person’s motives, which the GM must be able to answer with "yes", "no", or "maybe", to the best of her ability. The question must speak to the kind of person the target is, not things they’ve done, though it may ask if they are capable of doing such things. If the GM answers with a "maybe", you may ask a second question to get clarification. This second question may seek details, rather than another one-word answer.
Read You Like a Book. People's emotions are pretty damn obvious to you. +2 to create advantages with Empathy when using it to read a person's emotional state.
The Truth of Who You Are. Every two minutes of conversation you have with someone reveals one of their aspects. However, for every two aspects you learn, you reveal one of your own to that person and anyone listening. Round down, so the first one you learn is free.
You've Got Issues. +2 to create advantage with Empathy on a character's trouble aspect.
I’ve Heard Every Lie in the Book. +2 to overcome or defend against lies with Empathy.
The Inner Eye Sees Inner Truth. Without rolling, you can tell if another character is lying so long as the target’s Deceive is equal to or lower than your Empathy. In the case of high Deceive, you will know that you cannot tell, but will never receive a “false positive.”
Lie Whisperer. +2 to all Empathy rolls made to discern or discover lies, whether they’re directed at you or someone else.
Truth Beyond the Lie. Once per scene, when you successfully see through a lie, you may gain a free invocation on whichever of the liar’s aspects is most closely associated with their reason for lying to you.
Animal Empathy. You can use Empathy in place of Lore to sense the emotions of animals.
Hit Them Where It Hurts/Disturbingly Insightful. Your skill at reading people makes you adept at provoking a strong emotional response if you’re trying to get them angry, depressed, or something similar. You may use Empathy in place of Provoke to make mental attacks.
Nose for Trouble. You can use Empathy instead of Notice to determine your turn order in a physical conflict, provided you’ve gotten a chance to observe or speak to those involved for at least a few minutes beforehand during this scene.
One Breath. A true samurai can size up a foe within a single breath. You may use Empathy to read when a person will attack you and evaluate their combat skills.
Track the Soul. Your understanding of people you’ve met is sufficiently strong that it gives you an easy sense of how to find them. You may roll Empathy instead of Investigate whenever you’re tracking down or otherwise trying to find someone you’ve met before.
Bartender's Ear. Like any good bartender, you know how to understand drunk people. Add two to your Empathy skill when dealing with people who are under the influence of alcohol.
Ebb and Flow. You are so aware of the social currents in a situation that you are able to see something of what’s coming before it arrives. At the beginning of any exchange, you may spend a fate point to attempt to create an advantage with Empathy. You may then act normally on your turn as usual.
Listening Ear. +2 to overcome or create advantage with Empathy when you listen to another person for half an hour or more.
Preemptive Grace.  You are so tuned into social situations that you may act quickly and decisively to shape the situation to your liking. +2 to Empathy for the purposes of determining turn order in a conflict.
Psychologist. Once per session you can reduce someone else’s consequence by one level of severity  by succeeding on an Empathy roll with a difficulty of Fair  for a mild consequence, Good  for moderate, or Great  for severe. You need to talk with the person you’re treating for at least half an hour in order for them to receive the benefits of this stunt, and you can’t use it on yourself.
Army of One/The King Still Stands.  You are a one-man army; the odds don’t matter to you. Whenever you are physically attacked by a mob, opponents in that mob do not get a teamwork bonus to their attacks.
Army on the Edge of My Blade. You take no penalty—and grant no bonus—for being outnumbered, no matter how preposterous the numbers.
Brawler. You’re at home in any big old burly brawl, with multiple opponents and ideally some beer in you. When fighting a mob of nameless NPCs, you deal one additional stress on a successful physical hit.
Follow-Through. Once per conflict, when you inflict a physical consequence on an opponent with Fight, you may also inflict a 2-point physical hit on another opponent in the same zone.
Whirlwind Attack. You may make a Fight attack against every opponent in your zone, dividing your roll between them as you see fit.
Advanced Warmaster.  When you’re fighting anyone who is armed with a sword, you get a further +2 bonus to creating an advantage using Warmaster.
Destroyer of Abominations. You hit harder when your enemy is something blasphemous. You gain +2 to attacks with Fight against creatures that are unusually offensive to your faith.
Favored Enemy. Choose an organisation or ethnic group. You gain +2 on attacks made with Fight against a member of that group.
Favored Enemy Parry. Choose an organisation. You gain +2 to defend with Fight against members of that group.
Mirror Stance. Your unusual fighting style lets you defend effortlessly when you and your opponent are similarly armed. +2 to defend with Fight whenever your opponent attacks you with the same kind of weapon as you wield.
Reflection Shatters the Mirror.  You can switch in a heartbeat from matching your opponent move for move to doing precisely the opposite. +2 to attack with Fight whenever your opponent wields the same kind of weapon as you do.
Riposte. If you succeed with style on a Fight defense, you can choose to inflict a 2-shift hit rather than take a boost.
Turnabout.  When you succeed with style on a Fight defense, instead of taking a boost, you may spend a fate point to inflict physical stress equal to the shifts you got on your defense roll. You may only do this once per opponent per scene.
Ally’s Shield. You can invoke Dwarven Shield-Maiden when a nearby ally suffers an attack. When you do, redirect that attack to yourself. Your defense is Average  against that attack.
Defend the Weak. When someone is attacked physically while within your zone, you can spend a fate point to redirect that attack to yourself. You may defend against that attack at +1.
Leave My Friends Alone! +2 to attack with Fight when your opponent’s most recent action was to attack one of your allies.
Close at Hand. You can bring your weapon to hand faster than the eye can track. If the difficulty of overcoming an aspect of Disarmed or similar is Fair  or less, you may overcome it as a free action. If the difficulty is higher, instead gain +2 on the roll to overcome that aspect.
Disarming Specialist. You have been trained in how to disarm an armed combatant. Once per scene per opponent, when you successfully defend against an attack with a melee weapon, you may sacrifice your next action to place the Disarmed aspect on that opponent.
Firm Grip. +2 to defend with Fight against being disarmed.
Fists of Fury.  Swinging wildly and with force, you can strike at an opponent over and over again, wearing down his defense with each blow. +2 to Fight whenever you punch an opponent who is using full defense.
Flawless Parry/Perfect Parry. +2 to defend with Fight when you perform a full defense action.
Guard Breaker. When you attack someone who is performing a full defense action, you gain +2 to Fight.
Blind-Fight. Your ability to attack with Fight works unimpeded by conditions like darkness or other visual impairments.
Master of the Roof. +2 to defend with Fight when you are at a higher elevation than your opponent.
Mountain Warrior. +2 to defend with Fight when your opponent is at a higher elevation than you.
Precise Swing. You suffer no increased difficulty on Fight rolls from aspects related to cover.
Tunnel Fighter. Your Fight skill works unimpeded by conditions such as narrow passages, low ceilings, or other spatial limitations.
Ride-By Attack. Once per scene, you may move one zone while mounted, attack with Fight, and then move one additional zone, provided there are no situation aspects restricting movement.
Unhorse. +2 to create advantage with Fight when you try to remove someone from their mount’s back.
Bull Charge. You know how to use your momentum in a fight. +2 to attack with Fight whenever you move at least one zone unopposed before you attack with a fist or other blunt weapon.
Dispatch the Fallen. Once per scene, when you attack an enemy who is Prone, Knocked to the Ground, or similar, you gain +2 to attack with Fight.
Flying Kick.  You are able to leap through the air, leading with a powerful kick that can lay an unsuspecting opponent out. +2 to attack with Fight whenever you move at least one zone unopposed before you attack with a kick.
Killing Stroke. Once per scene, when you force an opponent to take a consequence, you can spend a fate point to increase the consequence’s severity . If your opponent was already going to take a severe consequence, he must either take a severe consequence and a second consequence or be taken out.
Knockback. When you succeed with style on an attack with Fight, you may choose to reduce the value of your hit by one in order to move your opponent one zone, provided there are no situation aspects impeding this movement.
Signature Strike. You have a specific attack which you have honed to devastating perfection. Describe it as an aspect . Once per conflict, as a free action, you can attach this aspect to an opponent as a boost.
Spring Attack. Once per scene, you may move one zone on foot, attack with Fight, and then move one additional zone, provided there are no situation aspects restricting movement.
Stunning Fist. Once per physical conflict, when you succeed on an unarmed attack, you may place the aspect Stunned on your opponent with one free invocation.
Do You Like It? I Made It Myself. A weapon you made yourself is a weapon that you know really well. +2 to defend with Fight when opponents attempt to disarm you or turn the limitations of your weapon against you.
My Blade Strikes True. Once per conflict, you can force the opponent to use a mild consequence instead of a 2-point stress box on a successful Fight attack with your heirloom sword.
Two Sword Joe. Normally, fighting with two swords just looks cool, but when you wield two swords, you have a decisive advantage. Any time you succeed on an attack with two swords, the stress inflicted is increased by one.
Anything Goes. Virtually anything can be a lethal weapon in your hands, as long as you can comfortably and casually lift it. You never need to spend a fate point in order to declare that an improvised weapon is close at hand, unless your surroundings have been deliberately prepared against this .
Weapons of the World. Every kind of proper  hand-held melee weapon in the world has been in your hands at one point or another. Once per conflict, when you handle an unusual weapon of this type, you may tell a quick two- or three-sentence story  to gain a +2 on your next roll with it.
Bloodlust. Once per scene, when you inflict a physical consequence, you gain one additional invocation of that consequence.
Demoralising Stance/My Weapon Speaks For Me/Talking With My Fists. As a trained fighter, you are able to adopt a stance that makes it unequivocally clear how capable you are of handing someone his ass. Whenever displaying your fighting stance or threatening someone with violence, you may roll Fight instead of Provoke to scare them.
Hidden Weapons. Your knowledge of weapons helps you conceal them. You may use Fight instead of Burglary to conceal weaponry.
Mixed Martial Artist. You practice judo or another grappling-based martial art. You may use Fight instead of Physique to create advantages related to wrestling and pinning.
Parry Everything. Your hand-eye coordination is superb, and perhaps you could even deflect a bullet with your weapon. You may use Fight to defend against Shoot attacks.
Whip Grip. You can use Fight to grab things with a whip.
Armiger. Whenever you take a mild physical consequence, you can choose to instead destroy your armor or your shield, provided you’re using the appropriate item. Once your armor or shield is destroyed, you’ll have to get it repaired or get a new one.
Backup Weapon. Whenever someone’s about to hit you with a Disarmed situation aspect or something similar, spend a fate point to declare you have a backup weapon. Instead of a situation aspect, your opponent gets a boost, representing the momentary distraction you suffer having to switch.
Dirty Fighter.  You have a talent for fighting dirty and are experienced in pulling all manner of tricks in order to get the upper hand on your opponents. Any time you invoke an opponent’s aspect in a physical fight, you get an additional +1 on the roll.
Competition Fighting. You excel on the mat or in the ring. +2 to attack with Fight as long as the combat is part of an adjudicated sport and is not a matter of life and death.
Cut Off. When someone defends against your Fight roll, and they succeed with style, they do not receive a boost.
The Drunkard Swings Wide.  Your blows are crude and telegraphed, but in dodging, your opponent seems to be struck by an elbow or a knee by accident. Make your Fight roll as normal. If you strike your opponent, you do stress as normal. If you miss or tie, your opponent takes one physical stress anyway.
Ground and Pound. When you successfully attack someone with Fight whom you are grappling, you inflict 2 additional stress.
Heavy Hitter. When you succeed with style on a Fight attack and choose to reduce the result by one to gain a boost, you gain a full situation aspect with a free invocation instead.
Hold the Line. When you share a zone with an ally who also has this stunt, you gain +2 to defend with Fight.
Kick the Bruise. It really hurts to take two hits to the same place. Once per conflict, when you invoke a physical consequence on a successful Fight attack, you can spend a fate point to increase that consequence's severity  before your opponent takes stress from your successful attack. If you invoked a severe consequence, your opponent must either take a consequence from your attack or be taken out.
Martial Arts. You have an acute insight into the means and methods of barehanded warfare. +2 to create advantages with Fight when you assess another martial artist's style.
Brickbreaker/Board Breaking.  You are able to focus the force of your blows into a concentrated, small area that is devastating to solid materials. You may make attacks with your body against objects that would typically only be damaged by weapons or tools. If you attack something softer, such as wood, any stress you deal is doubled.
Fist of Death.  By concentrating your force into a powerful blow, you may devastate even the most potent of opponents. Once per opponent per fight, you may spend a fate point after landing a successful blow to cause your opponent to check their highest unchecked physical stress box .
Martial Scholar.  Once you know your opponent, besting them is easy. When you successfully create an advantage with Fight based on assessing an opponent's combat style, you gain an extra free invocation.
Right Back At You.  Once per scene, when you succeed with style on a Fight defence against a Shoot attack, you may send the projectile flying back towards your attacker, inflicting a 2-shift physical hit on them.
Spears of Green Wood. You may train a body of troops—unnamed characters in a group of up to approximately 100—for a week and increase their Fight Skill by +1. You can repeat this multiple times, improving any given unit to a maximum of your Fight -2.
Steady the Drunkard.  You stagger and seem about to fall, so you reach out and grab your opponent’s arm to steady yourself. This seemingly unintentional grip blocks chi and paralyzes your opponent. You may place a Chi Blocked situation aspect with a free invocation on your opponent. Your opponent may not use any kung fu stunts until they remove this aspect.
Use Their Strength Against Them. Excessive strength can be a disadvantage if your opponent knows how to exploit it. +2 to Fight rolls made to defend against an opponent, provided the opponent is physically much stronger than you.
Warmaster. +2 to Fight rolls made to create an advantage against an opponent, provided the opponent has a fighting style or weakness you can exploit.
Weapon Finesse. +2 to create advantages with Fight related to fancy but harmless bladework, such as cutting your insignia into your opponent’s clothing.
Eavesdropper. On a successful Investigate roll to create an advantage by eavesdropping on a conversation, you can discover or create one additional aspect .
Eye for Detail.  Your visual memory is so strong that with a little concentration, you can revisit any place you've been to in your memory in exacting detail. Sometimes, you can even pick up on details that you hadn’t consciously realized before. To use this ability, spend a fate point and make a single perception-based roll  to find things out as if you were still in the location, no matter how long ago you left it.
Focused Senses. You are skilled at concentrating on one of your senses to the exclusion of all others. The sense must be specified at the time this stunt is taken. As a free action, you may gain the Focused on My Senses aspect. So long as this aspect remains, for as long as you use nothing but Investigate, all Investigate actions you take that use the specified sense gain a +2 bonus. However, your opponents may invoke the aspect against you once for free. Rolling a skill other than Investigate removes the aspect.
Impossible Detail.  When paying attention, your senses operate at a profound level of focus, allowing you to pick up on details that, very simply, no one else easily or even possibly could. With this stunt, you face no increased difficulties due to a physical detail being too small or subtle.
Scene of the Crime. You have a strong visual memory, and whenever you revisit a place where you have used Investigate before, it takes a matter of seconds for you to use Investigate to determine what has changed since you were last there.
De-Bugger. +2 to overcome with Investigate when you sweep a room for surveillance devices.
Game Hunter’s Nose. Choose a type of animal. You gain +2 to create advantage or overcome with Investigate when you search for or track that kind of animal.
Hit the Books. +2 to overcome or create advantage with Investigate when you seek or consult textual sources.
Internal Affairs. +2 to overcome or create advantage with Investigate when on the trail of corruption.
Plague Hunter. +2 to Investigate when you seek people with a highly infectious disease.
Relic Hunter. +2 to Investigate when you seek artefacts from ancient civilizations.
Tracker. +2 to Investigate rolls made to analyse or follow a person or creature's physical trail.
The Pieces of the Puzzle. When you take a few minutes to study a particular item and its position, you can reasonably reconstruct the chain of events that led to it being there. This reconstruction will be accurate, though it will not reveal any more than the necessary details. For example, it might reveal that it was carried by hand at some point, but not by whom.
The Power of Deduction. Once per scene you can spend a fate point  to make a special Investigate roll representing your potent deductive faculties. For each shift you make on this roll you discover or create an aspect, on either the scene or the target of your observations, though you may only invoke one of them for free.
Uncanny Hunch.  Sometimes your guesses play out to great advantage. Once per scene, you may make a guess about what the “deal” is with a particular character, object, location, or situation. Do not speak this guess aloud; write it down on a piece of paper and give it to the GM. The GM must accept it as a valid hunch that would be something of a revelation if true . If, at some later point, your hunch proves to be correct, you may use your Investigate or Empathy skill instead of any other skill, where that target is concerned, for one exchange.
Attention to Detail. You can use Investigate instead of Empathy to defend against Deceive attempts. What others discover through gut reactions and intuition, you learn through careful observation of microexpressions.
Going Undercover. Sometimes looking like someone else is just part of a detective's job. You may use Investigate in place of Deceive to create and maintain disguises or cover identities.
I Will Find Out What I Want To Know. There's not much point being able to get information from a crime scene if you can't get information from a person. You may use Investigate in place of Provoke to interrogate a suspect.
Investigative Reporter. Your writing style depends more upon good research than anything else. You may use Investigate instead of Provoke or Rapport for journalism.
Lip Reader. You may use Investigate to eavesdrop on conversations you can only see. If the GM would normally allow someone to attempt to read lips, you gain +2 to the roll; otherwise, you may simply roll Investigate when others may not.
Look Behind You. Following a suspect is easy; doing it without their knowledge is the trick, and you've got that trick down. You may use Investigate in place of Stealth when shadowing a "person of interest".
Reading Suspects. Part of being a good detective is knowing "whodunit" long before anything can be proved. You may use Investigate in place of Empathy when you have at least one piece of evidence indicating that your target is a suspect in your current case.
They Don't Deserve the Truth. You may use Investigate in place of Deceive to lie to about a case.
Quick Eye. You are able to investigate a location much more quickly than others, while still being very thorough. All Investigate efforts you make happen one to two time increments faster than usual, allowing you to make one or two additional rolls in the same amount of time, or simply conclude your investigation faster than you would otherwise.
Animal Affinity. Pick a particular type of animal . At the start of any scene, if that type of animal could reasonably appear in the location where the scene is set, you may make a Lore check against a difficulty of Fair . If you succeed, there is an animal of this type in the scene.
Animal Friend. Pick a particular type of animal . You can communicate with animals of this type using a combination of speech and gestures. This doesn’t connote a special level of intelligence on the part of the animals, so the communication may be relatively simple. You also gain +2 to your rolls when interacting socially with animals of this type.
Kindred Beast.  Choose a type of animal. You gain a further +2 to create advantage or overcome when you try to calm or communicate with animals of that kind.
King of the Beasts.  This stunt functions as Animal Friend does, but the character may speak to an entire broad category of animals, rather than just one type. For purposes of this ability there are three main categories – creatures from or from near the sea , creatures from the land  and vermin . There is loose overlap between these categories – pigeons are in all three – and the GM is encouraged to be generous in her interpretation.
Wild Empathy. +2 to create advantage or overcome with Lore when you try to calm or communicate with animals.
The Blessing of a Thousand Tongues. You may learn any language quickly. With tutelage, it takes only a day. With only the opportunity to read or listen, it takes a week. If the source material is especially sparse, it may take as long as a month.
Gift of Tongues. . There is no “mainstream” earthly language you cannot read or speak. Not only that, but you read and speak languages you have no business having learned, such as languages from lost cultures. You may spend a fate point to declare that you know any particular language, no matter how strange.
Linguist. You know a wide range of languages. +2 to Lore whenever reading, writing, speaking or translating an unusual language.
Shared Humanity. Once per scene, you can communicate a short message to another human even if you do not speak a common language.
Photographic Memory.  +2 to Lore rolls whenever you lack direct access to research materials and the answer you seek lies in something you have read before.
Studied Recall.  Your photographic memory extends outside of books. Once per scene, you may spend a fate point and roll Lore against a difficulty of Mediocre. Each shift you generate may be used to specify a target that you wish to memorize as you might a book – returning later, in your mind, to assess new details .
Walking Library. Your prodigious reading has paid off in spades, and you are able to recall minute details from even the most obscure literary works. You don’t ever have to spend a fate point to declare that you have the proper tools for research using Lore, even in extreme situations . This source of opposition is just off the table.
Drinking from the Jug. You pause to take a swig of wine from your jug, fortifying yourself for the battle. When you have a drink during a fight, clear your lowest stress box. This requires you to take an entire action drinking.
Forensic Medicine. You can use Lore in place of Investigate when the subject involves medical evidence.
Heal Thyself.  +2 to treat your own physical consequences with Lore.
Herbal Remedies. +2 to Lore rolls related to gathering plants suitable for treating the sick or injured.
Plastic Surgeon.  You know how to rearrange someone's face permanently. When you operate on a patient, you may use Lore to inflict physical stress on them. The greater the change you wish to make, the graver the consequence you must successfully inflict.
Pouring Wine.  You take out a cup and pour a drink from your jug. This elaborate and difficult task causes a pause in the battle. No one may attack you while you pour, and you remove your lowest stress mark. This technique requires an entire action, and you may not perform the technique more than once in a row.
Scholar, Healer. Can make physical recovery attempts with Lore.
Surgeon/Medical Specialist.  You are a respected authority in a specific field of surgical or therapeutic medicine; define it at the time you take this stunt. Possibilities include heart or brain surgery, transplant operations, disease pathologies, and so on. You get a +2 to all Lore rolls relating to that field.
Dizzying Intellect.  Your area of knowledge is so advanced, there’s usually no one around who can tell if you’re making things up. You may use Lore in place of Deceive to tell lies related to your field of specialization.
It's Academic.  Once per scene you can spend a fate point  to make a special Lore roll representing a flash of insight. For each shift you make on this roll you discover or create an aspect related to your field of specialization, on either the scene or the target of your observations, though you may only invoke one of them for free.
Secrets of the Stacks. Pick a specific library or other large information resource. You are intimately familiar with this resource's quirks, and gain a +2 to Lore whenever you have sufficient time to consult it.
Specialist. Choose a field of specialization, such as herbology, criminology, or zoology. You get a +2 to all Lore rolls relating to that field of specialization.
Tutor. +2 to create advantage on an ally with Lore when you spend an hour or so coaching them on an appropriate topic.
Caveman Lifestyle. You know how to live naked in the wilderness. When you undertake survival activities, you never suffer increased difficulty due to a lack of tools.
Due North. You always know which direction north is, flawlessly, even underground, without a compass or stars to guide you. You gain a +2 to Lore rolls whenever trying to find your way out of a place.
Forager. Choose a natural habitat . You gain +2 to Lore when gathering food in that habitat.
Natural Dowser. +2 to create advantage with Lore when you seek sources of water.
Pathfinder. Navigating on foot with your Lore skill works impeded by poor visibility or difficult terrain.
Scout the Path. +2 to create advantage with Lore when blazing a trail through the wilderness.
Self-Sufficient. You don’t ever have to spend a fate point to declare that you are able to find enough food and water for yourself, even in extreme situations . This source of opposition is just off the table.
Advanced Ritualist.  You gain a +2 bonus when you use Lore in place of another skill during a challenge. This allows you to use Lore twice in the same challenge.
Actions Speak Louder Than Words. Dealing with animals, who don't talk, has given you an excellent grasp of body language. You may use your Lore skill instead of Empathy to defend against attempts to attack or create advantage with Deceive.
Animal Magnetism. It's a bit demeaning to equate seduction to animal training, but in your experience there isn't all that much difference between the two activities. You may use Lore instead of Provoke to seduce people.
Cracker. You may use Lore in place of Burglary to defeat computerised security.
Formal Logic/Master of Riddles. Your intelligence lets you run circles around those you talk to. This may take the form of actual riddles, or perhaps just complex logical arguments. You may use Lore to make attacks that inflict mental stress and to create advantages related to confusing and overaweing people. Such actions can be defended against with Rapport, Lore, or Empathy.
Frontiersmen Have To Improvise. Making stuff out of the things around you is an integral part of wilderness survival. You may use Lore in place of Crafts to build things out of scavenged materials.
Outdoorsman. Your extensive field experience helps you operate in the wild. You may roll Lore instead of Stealth whenever you are in the wilderness, and may also roll Lore instead of Investigate for tracking in those areas.
Pre-Prepared Counterpoint. You’ve heard that argument before, and you know how to defeat it. You may use Lore to defend against Rapport.
Professional Teacher. You may use Lore in place of Rapport to interact with your students.
Ritualist. Use Lore in place of another skill during a challenge, allowing you to use Lore twice in the same challenge.
Shield of Reason. You can use Lore as a defense against Provoke attempts, provided you can justify your ability to overcome your fear through rational thought and reason.
Theory in Practice.  Once per scene you can spend a fate point to use Lore in place of any other skill for one roll.
They're In the Trees. Basic wilderness survival includes a great deal of stealth. You may use Lore in place of Stealth as long as you are outdoors.
Well-Travelled. You may use Lore instead of Rapport when you have visited the homeland or home state of the person you are speaking to.
Arcane Expert. Gain a +2 bonus to create an advantage using Lore, whenever the situation has specifically to do with the supernatural or occult.
Bletchley's Finest. +2 to overcome with Lore when cracking a code.
Dealer in Antiquities. +2 to create advantages with Lore based on the monetary value of archaeological finds.
Experimenter. While others are content to read the journals, you have the training and drive to perform cutting-edge research. +2 to Lore whenever you run original scientific experiments or gather original research data.
The Eye Sees All Paths. You may not know everything, but you always know how to find out. When looking for a fairly specific piece of information, you may give the GM a fate point to be told the closest place you can go to find out, no matter how obscure or lost the information is. In short, you can never hit a wall when trying to find something out. There are no guarantees of how easy it will be to get the knowledge, but that’s what adventure is for.
I’ve Read about That! You’ve read hundreds—if not thousands—of books on a wide variety of topics. You can spend a fate point to use Lore in place of any other skill for one roll or exchange, provided you can justify having read about the action you’re attempting.
Keeper of Folklore. +2 to Lore when recalling the history or legends of your people.
Legal Eagle. +2 to overcome or create an advantage with Lore, whenever you are finding or exploiting loopholes in the law.
Meteorologist. You are trained as a meteorologist and so you are skilled at weather prediction. +2 to Lore when creating advantages to do with the weather.
World Court.  Your exposure to international law is so extensive that you’re at ease in any situation involving legal wrangling, wherever you are. You never suffer any increased difficulty from a lack of familiarity with the laws of your locale; your experience is so broad that you’ve either know it already, or can make highly educated guesses about how it functions.
On Top Of It. You may spend a fate point to go first in an exchange, regardless of your Notice. If multiple people with this stunt exercise this ability, they go in turn based on their skills, before those who don’t exercise the stunt get a chance to act. If the exchange has already started, and you have not yet acted, you may instead spend a fate point to act next, out of the usual turn order.
Ready for Anything.  Your senses are so keyed into minute changes that you are able to respond more quickly to new details. Your Notice is considered to be one higher for purposes of determining turn order. This stunt breaks ties whenever facing opponents with the same Notice. This stunt may be taken multiple times, each time increasing the character’s effective Notice by 1.
Run Interference.  Whenever it is determined that you provide active opposition to another character's action, you may spend a fate point. When you do, the other character may choose to attempt another action instead. If they do not, you receive +2 on your defend roll against the original action.
Constant Vigilance.  When you are ambushed, gain a further +2 to the first defend roll you make.
Danger Sense. You have an almost preternatural capacity for detecting danger. Your Notice skill works unimpeded by conditions like total concealment, darkness, or other sensory impairments in situations where someone or something intends to harm you.
Saw It Coming.  When you are ambushed, gain +2 to any defend rolls you make in the first exchange.
The Eye Gazes in All Directions. You are never surprised. Even if it’s only by a moment, you are always forewarned of the unexpected.
Sentry. You have the ability to wait, devoting your full effort to watchfulness, for hours on end. +2 to defend with Notice whenever you are tired.
Take It All In. Once per scene you can spend a fate point  to make a special Notice roll representing opening your senses to a location. For each shift you make on this roll you discover or create an aspect related to direct observation on the scene, though you may only invoke one of them for free.
Body Language Reader. You can use Notice in place of Empathy to learn the aspects of a target through observation.
Master of the Tell.  Long practice has made you incomparably good at noticing the mannerisms that accompany deception. +2 to Notice when using it to defend against Deceive.
Notice Tell. Your keen senses allow you to pick up on the subtle clues that indicate when a person is lying. You may use Notice to defend against Deceive.
Reactive Shot. You can use Notice instead of Shoot to make quick, reactive shots that don’t involve a lot of aiming. However, because you’re having a knee-jerk reaction, you’re not allowed to concretely identify your target before using this stunt. So, for example, you might be able to shoot at someone you see moving in the bushes with this stunt, but you won’t be able to tell if it’s friend or foe before you pull the trigger. Choose carefully!
The Advantage of Familiarity. There are benefits to knowing a place really well. Pick a location or a small neighbourhood. +2 to Notice while you are in that area.
Attention! You have been trained to follow orders instantly in combat. When determining turn order for a physical conflict, you may use an ally's Notice skill instead of your own.
Game Hunter’s Eye. Choose a type of animal. You gain +2 to create advantage or overcome with Notice to spot that kind of animal.
Heightened Awareness. +2 to defend with Notice during a physical conflict.
Hidey-Holes. +2 to create advantage with Notice based on finding a suitable location to stay hidden.
Keen Sense. Choose a physical sense . You gain +2 to defend or overcome with Notice when that sense is the primary one being used.
Recognise Imposter. +2 to overcome with Notice when faced someone claiming to be a celebrity or someone you know well.
Always Healthy/Strong Immune System. +2 to overcome rolls with Physique to resist disease.
Death Defiance. If you are taken out in a physical conflict, you may spend a fate point to concede instead. After you have collected fate points for conceding, you must spend a further amount of half of your fate points, rounded down. Coincidence conspires to keep you alive, and you pass from the view of the other combatants . You may re-enter play in any subsequent scene in as dramatic a fashion as you see fit, explaining to everyone how you survived. You return with all of your physical stress cleared and a single additional consequence incurred to reflect the dangers you defied.
Desertborn. +2 to overcome or defend with Physique against heat and thirst.
Developed Immunities.  You gain a further +2 to overcome rolls with Physique to resist any poison you have previously encountered "on screen".
Large Lung Capacity. +2 to Physique to overcome or defend against suffocation or drowning.
Last Leg. You may spend fate points to keep standing. Any time you would suffer a consequence or be taken out by physical stress, you may spend a fate point to remain standing or otherwise defer a consequence for one more exchange, or until you take stress again, whichever comes first. Once the extra time you've bought is up, all the effects you have deferred come to bear at once. You may keep spending fate points each time the time limit expires until you run out.
Tireless. +2 to Physique when rolling to overcome or defend against exhaustion or sleep deprivation.
Toxin Exposure. +2 to overcome rolls with Physique to resist poisons.
Body Toss.  You know how to apply your strength in a fight to take people off their feet. +2 to create advantages with Physique whenever you try to throw or push someone.
Domino Effect. When you succeed with style on an attempt to push over or trip an opponent, you may create an additional identical aspect on another weaker opponent in the same zone. Both aspects come with one free invocation.
The Drunken Shove. Your rude and artless push contains a greater power than seems possible. You gain +2 to use Physique to create an advantage on an opponent by knocking them off balance.
Low Centre of Gravity. +2 to defend with Physique against attempts to trip or grapple you.
Scrum. You may roll Physique to push yourself and an opponent into an adjacent zone, provided there are no situation aspects impeding movement. Your opponent may defend with either Athletics or Physique.
Face the Pain.  You are able to lessen the effects of physical injury thanks to your incredible stamina. Once per scene, you may spend a fate point, and uncheck any one of your physical stress boxes.
Feel the Burn. You can push through incredible pain in order to reach your goal. You gain an additional mild consequence slot. This slot can only be used for physical harm.
Man of Iron.  When you take physical stress, and the stress box with a value equal to the shift value of the hit is already checked, you may instead mark the next lowest value box that is unchecked. Very simply, this means that you don’t start picking up consequences unless someone hits you for more than your highest value box  or all of your boxes are filled up.
One Hit to the Body. When you take physical stress, you may check off two stress boxes with a total value equal to or greater than the shift value of the hit.
Thick Skinned.  You gain one more physical stress box.
Tough as Nails. Once per session, at the cost of a fate point, you can reduce the severity of a moderate consequence that’s physical in nature to a mild consequence , or erase a mild consequence altogether.
Grappler. +2 to Physique rolls made to create advantages on an enemy by wrestling or grappling with them.
Hammerlock.  Whenever you have hold of someone and they fail to overcome your hold, you deal 1 shift of physical stress to them.
Unbound/Clever Wrestling. You aren't easy to hold down. +2 to overcome with Physique whenever you are physically restrained in some fashion - for example by chains or a mob of people.
Bounce Back. You may roll Physique instead of Lore when performing a physical recovery action on yourself.
Fling Foe. You may roll Physique to throw an enemy you have Picked Up into an adjacent zone. You must overcome any situation aspects that impede the enemy’s movement.
Heavy Object Swing. Sometimes pure strength can compensate pretty well for a lack of skill. You may use Physique instead of Fight whenever you use a heavy object as a melee weapon.
Heavy Object Throw.  If you spin a weight fast enough, it can become airborne. You may use Physique instead of Shoot to attack targets one zone away with a heavy object.
Mighty Pull. You can use Physique to create advantages related to your ability to draw bows back further than most, granting extra force to the arrow or bolt.
Muscle Your Way Up. Climbing is basically like weightlifting, except you are the weight. You may use Physique in place of Athletics when climbing.
Piledriver.  You may make attacks against inanimate targets using Physique instead of Fight.
Shield Sling. When armed with a shield, you may attack an opponent one zone away with Physique, but doing so places the aspect No Shield on you.
Take the Blow. You can use Physique to defend against Fight attacks made with fists or blunt instruments, though you always take 1 shift of stress on a tie.
Toughness of Mind and Body. A guy as tough as you has no need to be afraid. You may use Physique instead of Will to defend against fear.
Unstoppable.  Once in motion, you are very difficult to stop due to your sheer muscular force. You may use Physique rather than Athletics to move between zones.
Wrestler/Power Over Finesse. Your unarmed attacks rely on brute strength rather than on technique. You may make such attacks against other humans with Physique rather than Fight.
Bend Bars, Lift Gates. You may spend a fate point to automatically overcome a Physique obstacle, even if you’ve already rolled for it, provided you’re trying to accomplish something through brute strength.
Charge Like Ox. Because you are Strong Like Ox, once per scene, as a single action, you may move two zones in a straight line then make a physical attack.
Favored Enemy Tackle. Choose an organisation. You gain +2 to create advantage with Physique against members of that group.
Give As Good As I Get. Sometimes you have to do something crazy in order to win a fight. Once per conflict, when you take physical stress, you may choose to incur an additional physical consequence. In exchange, you may create a situation aspect on your opponent with a number of free invocations: two for a minor consequence, three for a moderate, four for a severe.
Herculean Strength. +2 to overcome or create advantage rolls with Physique that involve lifting great weights.
Hulking Rage. While you have the aspect Enraged on you, you gain +2 to overcome and create advantage with Physique.
None Shall Pass. +2 to defend with Physique against attempts to move past you.
Now You've Made Me Mad.  Once per scene, after taking physical stress, you may spend a fate point to add the shift value of the attack  as a bonus to an action in the next exchange taken against the person who inflicted the stress.
Smashing Rage. While you have the aspect Enraged on you, you gain +2 to break inanimate objects with Physique.
Trample. Once per scene, when you succeed with style on a create advantage roll with Physique and place an aspect on an opponent, you may exchange one of your free invocations for a 2-shift hit on that opponent.
Aura of Fear.  Your intimidating appearance and attitude are potent, making you able to intimidate entire crowds. Once per scene, you may spend a fate point and make an intimidation attempt against all opponents in the scene. If you succeed, attach an aspect representing the intimidation to each opponent.
Aura of Menace.  You are the terror of all those who oppose you. Once per scene per target, you may spend a fate point to intimidate a target as a free action, no matter what the circumstances, immediately , or immediately after the current action underway.
Crown of Menace. You are too terrifying to be attacked. Until you make a physical attack in a scene, characters with a Will lower than Good  simply cannot attack you. Those with sufficient Will to attack still flinch on their first attack, though, automatically missing.
Daunting Presence. +2 to create advantages similar to Daunted with Provoke.
Fearsome Gaze.  Your gaze is so terrifying that those faced with it can end up paralyzed with fear. This stunt is used in the same fashion as Steely Gaze, but if your opponent loses to the point of taking a consequence, he takes other consequences immediately afterwards. Even if this means he’s taken out, the target retains the option to concede after recording the consequence.
Master of Fear.  You are a master of the terrifying, and can have an entire room cowering within moments. Nameless NPCs who are affected by your Aura of Fear are automatically taken out; they simply flee or faint.
Menacing Demeanor. When you are face-to-face with another person, gain +2 to create advantages specifically related to fear on them with Provoke.
Subtle Menace. You exude menace far in excess of your capability to act. Even bound and behind prison bars, you are so ripe with the promise of the awful things you could do that you're still scary. +2 to Provoke rolls when opposed by someone in a clearly superior position of power.
Berserk Rage. When you suffer a physical consequence, you can invoke that consequence for free on your next attack. If you suffer multiple physical consequences, you get a free invocation for each.
Infuriate. Sometimes fear isn’t an option, but that doesn’t mean you can’t still get up someone’s nose. +2 to Provoke rolls whenever deliberately trying to get someone angry with you.
Master of Mockery. When you place an aspect such as Enraged with <Your Name Here> on an opponent, that opponent can do nothing but attack you until the aspect is overcome.
Poison Words.  Your skill at satire is so profound that you can take a whole audience with you. During a satirical performance, advantages you create with Provoke attach to each character present. You choose to which person your free invocations apply.
Razor Tongue. You know how to craft the most exquisite insults. +2 to create advantage with Provoke whenever you eloquently insult a rival.
Teflon Troublemaker. When your Can’t Keep His Big Mouth Shut aspect is compelled to make you the target of an attack, you may immediately clear any mild consequences you currently have, instead of taking a fate point.

Ladies' Man/Popular Gal. You’re adept at catching the eye of the opposite sex, and keeping it once you’ve got it. Any seduction attempts you make with Provoke receive a +2 bonus whenever the target is someone who could be receptive to it .
Armor of Fear. You can use Provoke to defend against Fight attacks, but only until the first time you’re dealt stress in a conflict. You can make your opponents hesitate to attack, but when someone shows them that you’re only human your advantage disappears.
The Fight in the Dog. You can use Provoke to enter the kinds of contests that you’d normally need Physique for, whenever your ability to psych your opponent out with the force of your presence alone would be a factor.
Imposing Attitude. For some reason, people seem reluctant to disagree with you. Maybe it’s your cologne. You may use Provoke instead of Rapport to defend attempts to damage your reputation.
Okay, Fine! You can use Provoke in place of Empathy to learn a target’s aspects, by bullying them until they reveal one to you. The target defends against this with Will.
Scary. You are just someone people don’t want to cross, and that’s clear even to other intimidating folks. You may use Provoke instead of Will to defend against Provoke.
The Serpent's Tongue.  It’s hard not to talk to you. Not because you're approachable, but because it seems like such a bad idea not to. Fear makes people uncomfortable, and they occasionally let things slip they would not otherwise. You may use Provoke in place of Empathy or Rapport when trying to get information out of someone in a “softer” fashion. If successfully used in this way, the target is definitely rattled – so it certainly doesn’t leave the target in the same pleasant state he might be left by one of those other skills. If used to read a character's emotional state, the aspects revealed are limited only to those which might be expressed in the language of fear.
Tell Me or Else! You don't ask nicely when there's stuff you need to know. You may roll Provoke instead of Contacts when you are gathering information from your informants.
Unapproachable. It’s difficult to try to manipulate someone when you’re constantly reminded of how scary they are. You may use Provoke instead of Will to provide defend against create advantage actions made with Deceive, Empathy, or Rapport.
Bad Cop. Cruelty is more effective when given a basis for comparison. Once per scene, gain +2 to Provoke when invoking an aspect created by someone who has the Good Cop stunt.
Berate the Underlings. +2 to create advantage or attack with Provoke when you interact with your subordinates.
Favored Enemy Rattle. Choose an organisation. You gain +2 to attack or create advantage with Provoke against members of that group.
Not to Be Trifled With. When you make it clear how dangerous you are, roll Provoke against your target’s Will. If you succeed, that target will not attack you or willingly come near you unless you take action against him first. If you succeed with style, neither will anyone with a lower Will than your target.
Provoke Violence. When you create an advantage on an opponent using Provoke, you can use your free invocation to become the target of that character’s next relevant action, drawing their attention away from another target.
Scare 'Em Straight. You are an authority figure. Part of your job is to put the fear of the law in potential miscreants. +2 to Provoke when using it to frighten someone under your authority .
The Promise of Pain.  Once per conflict, you can force the opponent to use a mild consequence instead of a 2-point stress box on a successful Provoke attack.
Steely Gaze.  Your unflinching gaze can lock an opponent in place. When you look an opponent in the eyes and successfully create an advantage with Provoke, both of you can only take Provoke actions against each other until one of you takes a consequence, concedes, or is interrupted .
Street Talk. +2 to Provoke when dealing with the inhabitants of slums.
Torturer. You have the complete lack of mercy that is needed to torture someone properly. Once per scene, when you force an opponent to take a consequence instead of mental stress, you can spend a fate point to increase the consequence’s severity . If your opponent was already going to take a severe consequence, he must either take a severe consequence and a second consequence or be taken out.
Wounds From a Friend. It's hard to disbelieve what those closest to you tell you. While successfully impersonating someone, your successful Provoke attacks on their close associates inflict two additional stress.
Do You Know Who I Am?  Once per scene, you may identify yourself in order to get your way and add +2 to a Contacts, Deceive, Provoke, or Rapport roll.
Moving Performance.  When you create an advantage with Rapport using your art, the difficulty of removing the resulting aspect increases by +2.
Stage Presence.  +2 to overcome distractions with Rapport while performing.
Virtuoso/Artist. Choose a field of art, such as painting, composition, or singing. You get a +2 to all Rapport rolls relating to that art.
Demagogue. +2 to Rapport when you’re delivering an inspiring speech in front of a crowd.
Excellent Speaker. Public speaking is an everyday thing to you. +2 to Rapport whenever you make a formal speech to a group.
Another Round? +2 to Rapport when drinking with someone in a tavern.
Blood is Thicker Than Water. +2 to Rapport when dealing with members of your extended family.
Captain’s Word. Once per scene, you may roll Rapport to command your crew as a free action.
Child of the Court. Gain a +2 bonus to any attempt to overcome obstacles with Rapport when you’re at an aristocratic function, such as a royal ball.
Good Cop. Kindness is more effective when given a basis for comparison. +2 to Rapport when creating advantages to assist someone who has the Bad Cop stunt.
Honest Salesman. Making a sale comes as naturally to you as breathing. +2 to Rapport when using it to sell goods or services.
Master of the Mob. +2 to Rapport when dealing with a crowd or mob.
Negotiator. +2 to Rapport when you try to broker an end to an armed conflict.
Scion of the Court.  When you overcome an obstacle with Child of the Court, you may additionally create a situation aspect that describes how the general attitude turns in your favor. If anyone wants to try and get rid of this aspect, they must overcome Fair  opposition.
Target Audience. Pick a specific field of endeavour, such as crime, business, politics, espionage, or the occult. Gain +2 to Rapport rolls whenever dealing with someone from that field.
All the World's a Stage/Playing to Expectations.  Your acting talent is natural and unquestionable. You may roll Rapport instead of Deceive when convincing a target you are someone you aren't.
Animal Whisperer. You may use Rapport instead of Lore to issue commands to animals.
Blather. It’s not that you’re a good liar – possibly far from it. It’s more that you have a skill at talking so fast, and not letting the other guy get a word in edgewise, that he doesn’t ever get the chance to figure out if you’re lying or not. You may create an aspect such as Blathering on yourself which justifies active opposition to Alertness rolls in your zone. You cannot take other actions while blathering, but you may spend a fate point to negate any successful roll that overcomes the aspect. The targets of this effort are by no means helpless – if they are attacked or otherwise disturbed they may respond normally, and they will respond to obvious stimuli . However, they are definitely distracted. Once you stop talking, it may be time for a quick exit.
Commissions.  Your works and performances are heavily sought out, and there are those who will pay handsomely for it. Once per session, you may use Rapport in place of Resources for one roll, representing a successful past commission.
Large Ham. You may use Rapport in place of Provoke to intimidate someone.
Popular. If you’re in an area where you’re popular and well-liked, you can use Rapport in place of Contacts. You may be able to establish your popularity by spending a fate point to declare a story detail, or because of prior justification.
The Right Questions. Smaller parts of a larger truth can contain a blueprint of the whole – and as a skilled conversationalist, you are adept at pulling the larger truth out of a single individual. Provided the person you’re talking to is at least neutral towards you, you may use your Rapport skill instead of Contacts for any effort to network. The results are limited and colored by the knowledge available to the person with whom you speak.
Weight of Reputation.  For a fate point, you may use Empathy in place of Contacts, Deceive or Provoke, provided those you are dealing with are aware of your reputation.
All Things in Their Place. You always know the power dynamic in the room, and you may insert yourself within it anywhere you desire. Use this with caution—while it impacts how people interact with you, it does not equate to actual authority, and placing yourself too highly—especially over people not used to being anything but top dog—can inspire an unpleasant response.
Best Foot Forward. Twice per session, you may upgrade a boost you receive with Rapport into a full situation aspect with a free invocation.
First Impressions. Whenever an opponent succeeds with style against the first Rapport roll you make in a scene, they do not gain a boost.
Five Minutes Friends. For a fate point, you can make a steadfast friend in a place you’ve never been, given a chance for five minutes of conversation. This stunt makes nearly impossible opportunities to make friends merely improbable, improbable opportunities probable, and probable opportunities outright certain.
Heart on My Sleeve. You’re a regular stand up guy with no secrets, at least so far as anyone can tell. But even so, you’re in control of which part of your best face you’re putting forward. +2 to defend with Rapport against attempts to read your emotional state.
International. Your mastery of etiquette leaves you comfortable, and even glib, in any situation. You never suffer any increased difficulty from unfamiliarity with your setting, making it easy to maneuver through local customs you haven’t encountered before, and to cover up any gaffes with a laugh and a sparkle in your eye.
Rustic Charm. You suffer no increased difficulty on Rapport rolls due to your social class.
Smooth Over. You’re adept at stepping into a bad situation and dialing it down to something more reasonable. So long as you are not the direct reason someone is upset, your attempts to calm them down using your Rapport receive a +2 bonus.

Grease the Wheels. You can use Resources instead of Rapport in any situation where bribes will be accepted.
Help Wanted, Reward Offered. You can use Resources instead of Contacts whenever you make it public exactly what or who you are looking for.
Glitterati. Money can, in fact, buy friends. You may use Resources in place of Contacts when in high society.
Instant Functionary. You’re skilled at seeing the shape of an organization from the underside, and in organizations of sufficient size, you can easily convince anyone that you’re just another cog in the machine. This allows you to substitute your Resources skill for Deceive whenever pretending to fill the role of a minor functionary of a target organization.
Money Talks. You can use Resources instead of Rapport in any situation where ostentatious displays of material wealth might aid your cause.
My Wallet Has A Lot To Say.  +2 to Resources whenever you use the Money Talks stunt.
War of Papers. You can take action against organizations through indirect measures. Effectively you can fight on the level of any organization smaller than a nation without the need to recruit allies or have any organization of your own. Yes, this means you can effectively “kill” a city, or even an army, given enough time.
Best That Money Can Buy. You have a discerning taste and a natural instinct for spending your money to get exactly the best and nothing less. You are at +2 to your Resources whenever making a purchase of something that would be considered “the best.” While this may seem like a discount, it’s not, really, since seeking out the best may mandate a price mark several steps above the baseline; still, this stunt helps to soften the blow.
Long Term Investment. You’ve had your money for a while now, and you’ve had a chance to make several strategic investments which you can cash in on when pressed for money. Once per session, you may sell one of these investments to get a +2 to any one Resources roll.
Licenses for Everything. You suffer no increased penalties on Resources rolls related to legal restrictions on goods.
Money Is No Object.  Once per session, when called on to roll Resources, you may spend a fate point and simply act as if you had rolled +4 on the dice. You may do this after the fact on a roll. Your Resources skill will then operate at -2 for the rest of the session; you’ve simply tapped into everything at your disposal to make the purchase.
Rivers of Gold. Money is just a detail to you. Stripped naked and cast on a desert island, and you’ll be living in luxury in short order. Cast into prison, and you’ll be bribing guards in no time. No situation will restrict your access to your Resources skill.
Savvy Investor. You get an additional free invoke when you create advantages with Resources, provided that they describe a monetary return on an investment you made in a previous session.
Trust Fund Baby. Twice per session, you may take a boost representing a windfall or influx of cash.
Useful Little Things. Your pockets are full of useful little things. Whenever you need something, you have it, provided it’s not something too unusual  or too large to fit in a pocket, belt pouch, or backpack. When you say you have something, the GM should be likely to agree.
Wholesale Pricing. Pick a type of business . You gain +2 to Resources when you attempt to purchase something which that business sells.
Scope User. You know how to use a scope. +2 to create advantages with Shoot related to aiming while using a scope or laser sight.
Uncanny Accuracy. Once per conflict, stack an additional free invoke on an advantage you’ve created to represent the time you take to aim or line up a shot .
Fast Reload. +2 to Shoot whenever you roll to overcome an aspect of Out of Ammunition or similar that has been placed upon you.
Lead in the Air. You really like emptying magazines. Any time you’re using a fully automatic weapon and you succeed at a Shoot attack, you automatically create a Fair  opposition against movement in that zone until your next turn, because of all the lead in the air.
One Shot Left . That last bullet has a kind of magic to it. Once per scene, you may create an aspect of One Shot Left  on yourself as a free action. You may invoke this aspect once for free, but doing so changes the aspect to Out of Ammunition. The Fast Reload stunt explicitly cannot be used to overcome this aspect.
Rain of Lead. +2 to create advantage rolls with Shoot when you create an aspect relating to suppressive fire.
Crazy Ricochet. When you use the Ricochet stunt, you may invoke further aspects to represent further bounces, gaining a bonus for each as normal.
Fortunate Rebound/Through and Through. Once per scene, when you succeed with style on a Shoot attack, you may inflict a 2-shift physical hit on another opponent in the same zone instead of gaining a boost.
Ricochet. You may invoke a relevant situation aspect to bounce a projectile off a solid surface, allowing it to come at an opponent from an unexpected direction.  If your attack is successful, the stress of the hit is increased by 2.
Good Arm. You have an amazing throwing arm, and can throw weapons with great force. If thrown weapons have a shorter range in your game than guns, this stunt extends that range to two zones, equal to that of guns.
Legendary Archer. Bows are not just weapons, they're your weapons of choice. When wielding a bow or crossbow, you can make attacks with it from two additional zones away.
Long Shot. You can make physical attacks with Shoot from up to three zones away, rather than the usual two.
Sniper. Once per scene, you may make an attack with Shoot from up to ten zones away, provided you have a sniper rifle and scope.
Feller of Fauna. To you, guns aren't for killing people; they're for killing animals. +2 to Shoot attacks against mundane animals.
Game Hunter’s Finger. Choose a type of animal. You gain +2 to attack with Shoot against that kind of animal.
Trick Shot. +2 to create advantage with Shoot when firing at an inanimate object.
Gun-Crazy/Way of the Gun. You may use Shoot instead of Crafts whenever you're working with guns specifically.
Gun Kata. You are light on your feet with a gun in your hand, able to keep the gunplay going while evading attempts to harm you. You may use Shoot instead of Athletics to defend against physical attacks.
Juggler. You have a great talent for juggling; this includes the ability to throw around seemingly dangerous objects  without any fear of harm to yourself. +2 to Shoot when using juggling to entertain.
Personal Arsenal. You own a great number of weapons, and you get new ones all the time. Use your Shoot skill instead of your Resources skill when dealing with weaponry.
Quick on the Draw. You can use Shoot instead of Notice to determine turn order in any physical conflict where shooting quickly would be useful.
Shot on the Run. Once per scene, you may move one zone, attack with Shoot, and then move one additional zone, provided there are no situation aspects restricting movement.
Snap Shot.  Once per conflict, between or before other characters’ actions, you may spend a fate point to preempt the usual turn order and act next. The action taken must involve a roll with your Shoot skill – usually an attack. This may be done in addition to your normal action.
Called Shot. During a Shoot attack, spend a fate point and declare a specific condition you want to inflict on a target, like Shot in the Hand. If you succeed, you place that as a situation aspect on them in addition to hitting them for stress.
Master of the Lasso. +2 to create advantages with Shoot whenever this involves throwing a lasso.
Ranged Knockback. When you succeed with style on a Shoot attack with a thrown weapon, you may choose to reduce the value of your hit by one in order to move your opponent one zone, provided there are no situation aspects impeding this movement.
Subtle Draw. +2 to Shoot whenever there is active opposition to your first shot in a scene.
Trained As a Unit/Team Player. You were trained alongside the rest of your unit, and now that unit is like a single organism. +2 to create advantages with Shoot whenever working with another character who is from the same unit as you and who also has this stunt.
Two Gun Joe. Normally, shooting with two guns just looks cool, but when you fire two weapons, you have a decisive advantage. Any time you succeed on an attack with two guns, the stress inflicted is increased by one.
Volley. When you combine Shoot skills with your allies, you contribute an additional +1 bonus.
Face in the Crowd. +2 to any Stealth roll to blend into a crowd. What a “crowd” means will depend on the environment—a subway station requires more people to be crowded than a small bar.
Gently Does It. Your Stealth skill works impeded by inanimate objects that will make sound if disturbed, such as brittle twigs, mouse traps, or wobbly piles of crates.
Slip Between the Shadows. +2 to create advantage or overcome with Stealth whenever you are in near-darkness or total darkness.
Stowaway. +2 to Stealth when hiding on a ship or other large vehicle.
Cunning Evasion. Once per scene, when you successfully defend against an area attack with Athletics, you may roll to create an advantage with Stealth as a free action.
Hidden Sniper. Once per scene, after you make a Shoot attack, you may roll to create advantage with Stealth as a free action.
Only the Wind Will See Me Go. At the cost of a fate point, you may exit a scene, passing from sight.
Quick Exit. A momentary distraction is all you need to vanish from the scene. Provided you are not in the midst of a conflict, you may roll a quick contest between your Stealth and the highest Notice in the room. If you succeed, the next time someone turns to look at or talk to you, you’re not there.
Backstab/Sucker Punch. You can use Stealth to make physical attacks, provided your target isn’t already aware of your presence.
Backstab. When you can surprise an enemy or attack from a place of hiding, you can attack with Stealth. If you succeed, you create a boost. If you succeed with style, you get to invoke that boost for free twice.
In Plain Sight. You can use Stealth to hide even when you're out in the open and wouldn’t normally be able to justify it. However, as soon as you move, you become visible again, unless another stunt you have states otherwise.
Ninja Vanish. Once per scene, you can vanish while in plain sight by spending a fate point, using a smoke pellet or other mysterious technique. This places the Vanished boost on you. While you’re vanished, no one can attack or create an advantage on you until after they’ve succeeded at an overcome roll with Notice to suss out where you went . This aspect goes away as soon as you invoke it, or someone makes that overcome roll.
Shadowed Strike.  After you invoke Vanished on an attack, you may defend with Stealth for the remainder of the current exchange.
Slippery Target. Provided you’re in darkness or shadow, you can use Stealth to defend against Shoot attacks from enemies that are at least one zone away.
Stalker. You like to watch people who don't know they're being watched. You may use Stealth in place of Investigate to conduct surveillance.
Hush. Your talent with stealth may be extended to others who are with you close by, provided that you travel as a group. As long as the whole group stays with you and follows your hushed orders, you may make a single Stealth roll for the whole group, using your skill alone.  If someone breaks from the group, they immediately lose the benefits, and may risk revealing the rest of you if they don’t manage to pull off a little Stealth of their own. The maximum number of people that can be with you in the group is equal to your Stealth skill rating.
Lightfoot. It’s difficult to track you when you take care to walk lightly. +2 to Stealth when overcoming traps based on weight or pressure.
Master of Shadows.  After you use In Plain Sight, you may move one zone per exchange without becoming visible. If there is an aspect in play that would normally justify the use of Stealth to hide, you may pay a fate point to be able to make an overcome action with Athletics without becoming visible.
Not a Threat. Choose Deceive or Stealth when you take this stunt. When you create an advantage with that skill to make yourself as non-threatening or unobtrusive as possible, enemies will find other targets for as long as that aspect exists. As soon as you successfully attack someone, the aspect goes away.
Silent Tank. For some strange reason, you are capable of sneaking around while wearing 30 pounds of steel plating. You never suffer increased difficulty on Stealth rolls from being armoured.
Fierce Mind. +2 to overcome fear with Will.
Fighting For What You Believe In. Your faith, in someone or something, is absolute. Pick a being or a concept. +2 to Will when defending that thing or when overcoming separation from it.
Gift of Faith. +2 to defend with Will against fear and despair.
Indomitable/Fearless. +2 to defend against Provoke attacks specifically related to intimidation and fear.
Inner Strength. +2 to defend with Will against someone trying to get inside your head – be it through psychic means or through extensive torture.
Mind of Steel. Magical mental influence is useless against your fortress-like mind! +2 to Will when using it to defend against supernatural mental attacks.
Set In My Ways. You're old. It took you decades to form your beliefs and you're not about to abandon them. Add +2 to your Will when using it to resist attempts to change your deeply-held beliefs or your core identity.
Stubborn Faith. You cling to your beliefs with amazing determination. +2 to Will when overcoming or defending against attempts to make you act directly against the principles of your faith.
Trust In My Leader. Pick a person or being who has authority over you and whom you trust. You gain +2 to Will whenever you resist attempts to undermine that trust.
Aplomb.  When you go to check off a mental stress box and that box is already checked, you can check off the next lowest value empty box. If there are no unchecked boxes of a lower value, check off a higher value box as normal.
Cool Customer.  You are so at ease in times of mental stress that nothing seems to dent your calm regard of the situation. During a conflict, you may use your action to roll your Resolve against a target of Mediocre. If you succeed, you may either erase a check in your 1-point mental stress box or spend a fate point to erase a check from any single mental stress box with a value equal to or less than the shifts you gained on your roll.
Driven.  Whenever you take a moderate or severe consequence from a mental attack, you gain a free invocation on that consequence.
Hard Boiled. You can choose to ignore a mild or moderate consequence for the duration of the scene. It can’t be compelled against you or invoked by your enemies. At the end of the scene it comes back worse, though; if it was a mild consequence it becomes a moderate consequence, and if it was already moderate, it becomes severe.
Never Broken. You gain a -8 physical consequence which recovers in the same way a -2 consequence does.
Smooth Recovery/Still Standing/Stubborn.  You simply do not know when to quit. You gain an additional mild consequence slot. This slot can only be used for mental harm.
Unyielding.  Your force of will is enough to keep you going in the direst of circumstances. Each time you take physical stress, you may spend a fate point to instead take two 1-shift hits of mental stress.
Determinate. Your astonishing determination allows you to push yourself beyond your physical limits. Use Will instead of Physique on any overcome rolls representing feats of endurance.
I'll Just Ignore You. Counterarguments are a waste of time. You prefer to simply not listen to the people you disagree with. You may use Will instead of Rapport to defend against attempts to damage your reputation or make you look bad in front of others.
Right Place, Right Time.  You seem to always be in a safe spot, without moving in any obvious way. You may use Will to defend against physical attacks, and may also use it to move or take cover . To the outside world, it appears that you are simply staying put and unfazed as gunfire and other attacks miss you by scant inches, or are picking up your undisturbed martini as the werewolf rushes past. Circumstance conspires to leave you undisturbed so long as your defense is not beaten.
Strength From Determination. Use Will instead of Physique on any overcome rolls representing feats of strength.
Sunday School. Your steadfastness comes from your religious upbringing. You may roll Will instead of Lore whenever seeking or recalling religious knowledge.
Unbroken Composure. Your mental strength allows you to remain calm when others would be caught off guard. You may use Will in place of Notice whenever someone is attempting to surprise you.
Extraordinary Concentration. Once per scene, when you successfully create an advantage with Will based on concentration, you gain one additional free invocation.
Iron Determination. You may, when you bluntly speak your true intentions in a social interaction, immediately gain a +1 bonus on all subsequent Provoke or Will rolls in that scene. However, if you do this, you may no longer use Rapport with the same audience, as you have peeled away the façade of civility.
Laser-Like Focus. You find it easy to clear your mind in a stressful situation. +2 to create an advantage with Will related to concentration, willpower, or clear thought.
The Mind Is the Greatest Mountain. So far as social skills are concerned, you do not exist. You cannot be swayed, befriended, intimidated, or otherwise moved. Your speech reveals nothing about you or the veracity of your words.
Parrot. You can perfectly repeat anything you’ve heard in the last hour or so, even if you don’t know the language it was spoken in.
